about 6,800 words
Michael D. Sweeney (he/him)
836 Suire Ave
Cincinnati, OH   45205
(513) 501-6576
mdsweeney2@gmail.com







Edie Ann Wants a Net
by Michael D. Sweeney


    Edie Ann zoomed into the workshop, calling, "Dad!" She was heading straight towards a stack of newly printed parts that were drying in clear boxes. She saw them and stomped her feet like brakes. My relief was short-lived however as Edie Ann shoved off backwards and went flying towards the gravity controls instead. I leapt to stop her, pushing my synthetic muscles to their limit. I almost made it, but her hand slapped the controls as she fell. The hum of the generator cut out, and the slap echoed through the room. Everything not secured started floating, and I sailed above her, unable to stop or turn. Then the gravity kicked back on. I landed in a belly flop. My freshly printed parts landed in a cacophony of clatter. 
    Edie Ann stood up and said, "Oops?"
    "Edith Ann Gilpin, you do not run in my workshop. You know that," I told her in my sternest Dad voice.
    "Sor-ry," she replied.
    "What's got you so riled up?" I asked.
    "Dad, look at granGillan and me!" she said.
    I took a good look at my mom, Edie Ann's granGillan. She had thin steel tentacles where her robotic left arm and leg used to be. 
    "Mom, you look like you lost weight," I said, "Maybe you should eat more." 
    "Very funny," she said. "These are perfect for traveling." 
    "Went for the full set, I see," I said when I noticed the soft blue glow of her, now steel, left eye.
    "I helped her pick it out. granGillan looks icy," Edie Ann said. "Plus, we match!" she added. Edie Ann pulled back her long, dark hair to reveal her own steel, glowing, blue right eye.
    "Mom, you know Linda and Hugh want Edie Ann to stay fully human," I told her.
    "It's just a wearable, Carroll," she assured me. “Why does it matter what her body is made of anyway? She’d still be the same person.”
    I pressed my hand into my forehead trying to stave off a headache. Every time Edie Ann goes to Station One, she comes back wanting cybernetics even more. Then I’m the one who gets an earful from my husband and wife.
    "And that's not all!" Edie Ann said. She held out her arms then her legs to show off the matching exosuit under her dress. Great, my mom is getting as bad as Hugh’s about letting Edie Ann have whatever she wants.
    Before I could respond, Hugh rushed in with his broad shoulders heaving and his burgundy coat draped across one arm. My husband is the smartest man I know, but Hugh even worries about not worrying enough. 
    "The ship said you lost gravity. Is everyone alright?" he asked. If there was a real problem, the Asscher would have sent more than a simple alert.
    "Everyone is fine. The ship is fine," my mom said.
    Hugh looked around at the mess and asked, "What happened?"
    "Edie Ann got a little too excited. She went with granGillan to a mod shop," I told him.
    "I match granGillan now, Papa!" Edie Ann said.
    Hugh looked at them, "That's... new," he said. 
     "Eyes come in pairs, so I let her have the other one," granGillan said. I could see the devious sparkle in her human eye, but Hugh does not appreciate my mom’s sense of humor.
    Then Edie Ann added, "But it does make my eye itchy." She popped the mask off and rubbed her eye, then she put it back on. Hugh let out a quiet sigh of relief and granGillan chuckled. 
    "Mom, what have I told you about teasing Hugh?" I chided. I thought she was hilarious, but Dad can’t laugh at Papa in front of our daughter. Plus, I’m not really a fan of his mother and he shields me from her.
    "I'm sorry," she said, then patted him on the back. "You are wound too tight. Try to relax a little," she told him. 
    "Right, well, I should get to the office," Hugh said, still a little flustered.
    “Come here,” I told him. I helped him into his embroidered Sinclair coat. I thought he wore it a lot on Earth, but since we docked at Station One, Akkadia, Hugh never leaves the ship without it. The Sinclairs are one of the top, genetically-engineered Families. Each of the Families have their own colors. His are burgundy and gold like our ship. On Earth, I thought wearing family colors was a pretentious statement, but now the Families call it part of their culture.
    "I can't stay either," my mom said, "Your dad is excited to see the new me."
    "I want to show Grandpa my new stuff too," Edie Ann said. 
    "You can show him later," I told her. "First, in the closet behind the cleaning bot is a broom and dust pan. Get started," I told her.
    "But, the bot-" Edie Ann started to say.
    "Broom," Hugh said in his melodic baritone. He is engineered to have the body of a superhero, but that voice is what buckles my knees.
    "Yes, Papa," Edie Ann replied. 
    Right, got to stay in dad mode. Think about date night later. I gave Hugh and Mom each a quick kiss goodbye, then started picking up the big pieces to be recycled.

* * *

    "Why isn't this working?" Edie Ann said one word at a time as she moved the broom and debris went flying. "Every time I try to sweep, the exosuit makes the broom go wonky." 
    I said, "Because you aren't moving right. Your uncle and I spent a lot of time in those things while our synthetic muscles were being built. You can't be all loosey-goosey. Stand up straight. Move like this." I swept a small pile. It took her a few tries, but she got better at it. "Good, now keep it up until the whole shop is done," I told her. 
    She looked from the mess she had made to the rest of the floor, then said, "I don't think my batteries will last that long."
 	"If you don't fight the suit, it is a lot easier. They just take practice." 
    "Dad, what's it like having a Net and augments? Uncle Shelby says it's like having an extra fast computer in your mind and superpowers," Edie Ann asked. 
    "It is. My Net and body mods make a lot of things easier, but they make some things harder," I said. 
    "Like what?" she asked. 
    "Why do you have to move like a robot when you sweep?" I asked her. 
    "Because the suit won't let me move like normal," she said.
    "Turn it off and then try." 
    This time, she staggered from the weight. 
    "That's what it's like," I told her. "Yes, it comes with a super cool computer, but having synthetic muscles is like having an exosuit that never comes off. Now, you better start cleaning," I warned her. 
    "That was a lot of practice," she said wearily after she finished. 
    "Let's go to the kitchen and find a snack," I said. She brightened up then. I put the broom away and set the cleaning bot to get the workshop actually clean. 

* * *

    I tossed Edie Ann a blue Colors tube and poured drinks. She drooped with her back straight and started sucking the nutrient paste. 
    Edie Ann perked right up when Linda walked in wearing a sharp ivory suit. Her perfume followed, oud and musk that drives me wild. Date night for three, I amended to my list. I could use some husband and wife time. Best thing about being docked, having places to go on date night besides another room on the Asscher. We have a big ship, but after living here for years the station is a great change of scenery.
    "Mom, look! granGillan got a new eye, so I got one, too," Edie Ann said.
    "Wow," Linda remarked as she approached. "I've never seen a mask that good before."
    "Ahh! Someone told you?!" Edie Ann complained. "I wanted it to be a surprise." 
    "No, no one said a word," Linda told her.
    "Then how did you know it was fake before you got a good look at it?" Edie Ann asked.
    "How indeed?" her mother replied. 
    "It takes more than a mask to fool your mom," I told her. 
    "Papa couldn't tell," Edie Ann said. 
    "I'm not Papa," Linda replied. 
    "That's true. Didn't someone call for La Partigiana earlier?" I asked. 
    "Yes, and I should probably get going," she answered. 
    "Wait," Edie Ann said, "I am going to figure this out. Did you know before you got here?" 
    "No, no one told me anything," Linda told her. Then Linda looked at Edie Ann expectantly. 
    Edie Ann groaned, "And if it was real, they would have," she said, slumping in defeat.
    Linda gave a self-satisfied smile, and I could see the word checkmate in her eyes. Then she chuckled and shook it off. "Thanks," she told Edie Ann, "I was starting to dread my meeting. This was just what I needed." 
    "Will you be back for dinner?" I asked.
    "I should be. I'm negotiating a water rights dispute that either started two months ago or 24 years ago, depending on who you ask. Half the grievances are historical, and the rest are mostly hypothetical," she told us. 
    Everyone thinks Linda can wave a magic wand. Nobody realizes that La Partigiana received her title in a concentration camp and learned her craft in the Gramscian Resistance. 
    "Where do you even start to untangle that?" I asked. 
    "The first step in getting any contentious project started is to secure funding. The details can come later; knowing it is possible is the most important piece. Wish me luck," she said. She gave us each a peck and headed to the bridge. 

* * *

    "Why did you and Uncle Shelby get your implants at the same time?" Edie Ann asked. 
    "We started off trying to outdo each other's designs, but we each kept stealing the other's ideas. So, we decided to combine them. When Shelby was old enough, we did it together so we could both have the same things," I told her. 
    "Your Net is icy. My Net will be even icier," she said. 
    "My Net includes full-body augmentations and a neuroelectric translator that runs all through my brain. Those are big words that mean I was taken apart and put back together while little machines crawled through my body building new muscles and burrowing into my bones to make them stick. It hurts,” I told her.
    "Dad, I'm going to be an Explorer Extraordinaire, just like in my books, the best ever. With my Net I'll see things no one has ever seen and record them all to show everyone when I get back," she told me. 
    "Edie Ann, you don't need a Net to become an explorer. You are already going to be the best thanks to your gene mods," I told her, not that I had been thrilled to change the genes of someone who had no say in the matter.
    "But my best will be better with a Net," she replied. "Papa says you must have the best to do your best."
    "Your mom is La Partigiana. She doesn't have fancy genes or tech, but no one would say she isn't the best," I told her, "Besides, you still have plenty of time before any decision needs made. I was a few years older than you are when I got my Net." 
    "Uncle Shelby wasn't. Aunt Gwin says that because I heal faster, learn faster, and, I don't get sick that I could have had it done months ago," she informed me.
    Gwin, our resident AI, should learn when to keep her virtual mouth shut.
    "You don't understand. The surgery isn't the end. It is the beginning. I was in physical therapy for years, and I wanted to cry after every session. Plenty of times I did cry. The only thing that kept me from crying more was your Uncle Shelby. We would go in our room and take turns crying so our parents wouldn't hear. If Mom or Dad came in, then they would start crying and we'd cry harder and all four of us would be crowded on the bed rocking and crying until we ran out of tears. I don't want that for you," I told her. 
    "I understand," she said gently. 
    "Good," I sighed. 
    "No, I understand that it must have been hard," she said.
    We sat in silence for a while, then she asked the one question I couldn't say no to: "Was it worth it?" 
    I wanted to say anything else, but I had to answer, "Yes, for me, it was, but that doesn't mean it is the right path for you."
    "Is there another way to do the things you can do?" 
    "Absolutely, when you get older, there are all kinds of mods that can make you stronger, faster, and give you all sorts of abilities, even let you talk to machines," I assured her. 
    "Do any of them work better than a Net?" she asked.
    "There is some really good tech out there, and it is getting better all the time. By the time you grow up, I bet it will be real close," I told her.
    "Close isn't better, Dad. Don't you want me to be my best?"
    "Yes, but we don't have to agree on what 'best' means.”
    “No, but better is still better than close,” she countered.
    “You are too much like your parents for your own good. I am not convinced that you should get a Net,” I told her
    Edie Ann considered that for a moment. Then she took a breath and nodded to herself a couple of times. I could see the seriousness fade and a smile grow. She said, “Thanks, Dad.” Then she got up from the table and flashed her Infectious Smile™. 
    "That smile doesn't work on me," I told her, "I invented it."
    "Yes, it does," she said, "It just takes a little longer." 
    That got me. I started smiling too. "Why are you smiling now anyway?" I asked. 
    "I'm getting a Net," she said. 
    "No, I said you are not getting a Net. Plus, your mom will never agree." 
    "I can handle Mom," she said, sounding so much like Linda that I believed her. "And you said I hadn't convinced you yet. Not the same thing at all." And then she left. This is not going to end well for me.
    "Ship, is Hugh around?" I asked. 
    "Hugh Sinclair is not on board," came the reply. 
    Great. "Ship, notify me when Hugh returns to the Asscher," I told it. 

* * *

    Linda was at her station on the bridge managing a meeting between at least half a dozen angry representatives, none of whom were listening. Her screens were filled with people in boxes trying to talk over each other to get her attention. I signed to her that we need to talk, but tried not to interrupt. My brother Shelby was just waiting on a diagnostic to finish, so I drifted his way.
    "What's going on?" he asked. 
    "Edie Ann wants a Net," I told him with a sigh. 
    "What? That's awesome! What features will it have? Is she going to get a new arm? Or an extra arm?" he asked, his voice at least twice as loud as I wished it was. 
    "She wants full-body augments and a Net like we have. That's not the point. I don't want her going through all that," I told him. "Don't you remember how bad it hurt?" 
    "Ah, it wasn't that bad," he replied as he scrolled through the results of the test on his screen. 
    "You say that now, but you weren't saying that at the time," I reminded him. 
    "Exactly," he said, turning to face me, "It wasn't that bad forever, and now I'm better than great. She'll be fine. Edie Ann is a tough kid. She'll pull through no problem. Hey, at least what she wants is all internal. Remember how icked Linda got when she accidentally walked in on Mom changing her eyeball?" 
    "You are not helping," I told him under my breath. 
    "Pull through what?" Linda asked from behind me. 
    Shelby pulled back. “You’re on your own,” he told me. Then he loudly said, "Huh, that's a weird result on the diagnostic. I'd better go down to Engineering and check it out." Shelby squeezed past Linda then added, "Good luck, bro," right before stepping out of the doorway. 
    "Pull through what?" Linda asked again. 
    "Edie Ann wants a Net, but I think we should wait for Hugh to talk about it," I told her. 
    Linda's hand went straight to the scar on her shoulder. It was from a public lashing she got as punishment for vandalism when she was a teen. "I see," is all that she replied. Then, she pointedly shut her mouth and leaned on the center console. I decided to study the clock on the wall for a while. A few minutes later, the ship announced Hugh's return.
    "Ship, ask Hugh to meet us on the bridge," I told it.
 	Soon after, Linda started tapping her foot, and the hands of the clock slowed way down. Eventually, she stopped tapping and switched to crossing and uncrossing her arms, scowling and taking deep breaths. 
    When Hugh finally walked in, I sighed with relief and said, "Took you long enough to get here." 
    "Sorry, I ran into Edie Ann on the way in and helped her with a project. Did you know that she really wants cybernetic implants? I cannot imagine wanting that, no offense, Carroll, but she made some good points," he said. 
    "Did she?" Linda asked.
    Hugh's face went pale as he realized he had just walked into a firing range. My expression said, "Yeah, sorry."
 	"Did she raise good points to you, too?" Linda asked me. 
    I looked at my feet, and she said, "I see."
    "And what exactly does the little Miss want?" she asked with her nostrils flaring. 
    I told her, "A Net and augments like mine." 
    "I told her I would listen to what she proposes, but not to expect me to be okay with something that extreme," Hugh said. 
    "So, now there's a proposal, is there?" Linda replied. "Ship, tell Edie Ann to get in here, now," she said sternly.
    Edie Ann arrived without the mask or exosuit. She had traded her dress for a skirt and top Linda had made, I noticed.
    "Edith Ann Rivera, let me make something clear. I am not going to say yes to you getting cut into pieces and filled with robotics and computers. I know your dad's family does that. Riveras do not. You are already a Sinclair. That's more than enough," Linda said.
    "Why does everyone keep saying that?!" Edie Ann yelled. "I know I'm a Sinclair! Every time I talk about getting a Net, someone tells me that. Dad did. Papa does all the time, and now you are doing it too. Am I still a Rivera even though I'm a Sinclair?" she asked.
    "Of course, you are. You're a Rivera and a Sinclair," Linda told her.
    "And a Gilpin! Why does everyone forget that?! I am Edie Ann Gilpin-Rivera-Sinclair, Mom. GIL-PIN," she told her. Damn right, you are. "Everyone says Sinclairs grow the best bodies. Well, Gilpins upgrade theirs. And, Riveras just accept that they are what they are. Well, I'm a Gilpin, a Rivera and a Sinclair. That's what I am. Accept that!" Edie Ann said then stood there breathing heavy as Linda processed this.
    After a moment, Linda asked, "What kind of upgrades are we talking about?"
    "I'll show you. I got it all figured out," Edie Ann said. "I'll be able to do everything that Dad can, plus a whole lot more. Aunt Gwin!" Edie Ann called out. Gwin appeared on the main viewscreen in pink glasses with her bleach-blond hair in a ponytail. "Is it ready?" Edie Ann asked.
    "You bet," Gwin said. With the flip of her wrist, the presentation started. 
    "Edie Ann GRS - Cyborg Explorer Extraordinaire" scrolled across the screen as trumpets blared. Then it cut to a series of quick scenes while the narrator said things like, "Watch as Edie Ann scales mountains with ease. The cold and wind have no effect on her. But, what about heat? You ask? With her active cooling engaged, Edie Ann can handle over 50° C. Uh-oh, that's some murky water. How will she see in there? But wait, she's closing her eyes and jumping in? That's right, with a full sensor package, enhanced speed and strength, and increased oxygen reserves, these treacherous waters are as safe as a bath. All thanks to ScioNetics, the leader in adaptive technology. Let us be a part of you."
    "See? I'll be the iciest explorer ever!" Edie Ann gushed. 
    Linda said, "That sounds neat, but you don't need a Net to be an explorer." 
    "Can we just go look at what they have? Please." Edie Ann begged. 
    Hugh said, “Go with Aunt Gwin back to our quarters. Mom and Dad and I need to talk.”
    “Okay,” she said crestfallen.

* * *

    “You knew this was a possibility,” I reminded Linda.
    “Yes, which is why she is a Sinclair. So I wouldn’t have to watch her go through with this,” Linda retorted.
    “You know, I wasn’t really comfortable with changing her DNA because she didn’t get a say in how her body was built, but I agreed so she would be made from parts of all three of us, you and me plus Hugh’s gene mods, but she’s not in a petri dish anymore. I don’t want her to suffer, but it is her body to change,” I said. 
    “In the Families, we don’t use cybernetics for performance enhancement. I feel like a fish out of water here,” Hugh said, “I think we should know all the facts first.”
    “We are her parents. The fact is that she can decide when we say she can decide,” Linda replied.
    “We can make her wait, but we can’t stop her from becoming what she wants to be.” I told her.
    “What happens if we make her wait and she does it later?” Hugh asked.
    “The surgery will be more dangerous and less effective. It would be like making her compete against professional athletes in a sport she's never been allowed to play. She would never catch up to them and she would get hurt in every game. If she wants to reach the top, if you want her to be the best version of what she wants to be, she needs to start training sooner than later,” I explained.
 	Linda  studied us for a moment. “You both think I’m being old-fashioned,” she said.
    “A little,” I said, “Things are different here. The people are different. The solar system is different. And Edie Ann may turn out different than you expected, too, but she will always be Edie Ann. Different isn’t bad. You love that I’m different.”
    “She’s beautiful and perfect the way she is. Why isn’t that enough?” Linda asked.
    “Because it’s not the way she wants to be,” I told her.
    “I just want her to be safe. We should at least find out which choice accomplishes that best,” Hugh said.
    “Fine, I will tell her we can go look, just look. I’m not making any promises,” Linda said.
    
* * *

    ScioNetics had plants growing on the walls between small waterfalls that flowed upwards. The air smelled fresh and floral. Before we reached the front desk, a tall, dark-haired doctor in a tailored lab coat greeted Edie Ann. "Miss Edith Ann, a pleasure to see you. Who did you bring with you today?" he asked. 
    "This is my Mom, Linda Rivera," she replied. 
    "La Partigiana, it is an honor," he said to her with a slight bow. 
    "My dad, Carroll Gilpin," Edie Ann continued. 
    He stepped forward and shook my hand, saying, "Mr. Gilpin."
    "And Papa, Hugh Sinclair," she finished. 
    "Mr. Sinclair, it is a pleasure to meet you all. I am Dr. Trenton Richards, the Chief Medical Officer at ScioNetics," he told us. 
    "Richards? I did not expect to see a member of the Families working in cybernetics," Hugh remarked. The Richards were one of the Sinclairs few peers among the Families. 
    "We must change with the times," he replied. "On Earth, we were considered genetically-refined humans, the exceptional elites, but here in Akkadia among these new people, many members of the Families feel that they lack the edge they once held."
    Hugh's finger traced the swirling S on his pocket. 
    "I say that not to insinuate the Sinclairs are among that group, just that augmentations are becoming less taboo among the Families. At ScioNetics we believe that we can spur the Families to even greater heights with our technology. A Sinclair would be a shining example of what the best born can do with the best enhancements," Dr. Richards clarified. 
    Hugh relaxed a little, but still sounded stiff when he said, "Of course, new world, new rules, as they say."
    "I am excited to show you around," the doctor told us. "Our facility is state-of-the-art, and I think you will be quite pleased with what we have developed for Miss Edith Ann." Linda's expression made it clear that 'pleased' was not going to be the right word, but we took the tour. 
    "I want two, no, three of everything in this room," I told Hugh in the manufacturing center, but he looked skeptical about my prospects of getting new machines.
    The air in the surgical suite had the distinct smell of nothing. Gleaming, robotic arms were mounted to the floor, ceiling and walls. They were silent, unmoving, and unnerving. Hugh held Edie Ann's hand. Linda's hand was back on her shoulder. 
    "Something doesn't match," I said and pointed out the antiquated bed in the center . 
    Dr. Richards smiled. "One advantage of being on a space station," he said. "Lie in it," he told me. 
    Linda dropped her arm, then drolly said, "I'm sure it is quite comfortable."
    "Not the way you think. Lie down," he told me. 
    Edie Ann looked at me expectantly. Alright, I was curious too. I got on the bed. It felt like every other hospital bed. The doctor stood at the controls. The bed went up. I went up. The bed went down. I stayed where I was. "Within the surgical field, we have precise control of the gravity and 360° access to the patient," he explained. He tapped a few times and the entire room rotated around me. At least, that's what it felt like. 
    Dr. Richards walked us to a patient suite, green and alive with plants in pots, on the walls and hanging from the ceiling. It smelled of mint and vanilla. "This is where you will start and return to after the procedure," the doctor told Edie Ann. "Miss Edith Ann will be our guest for about a decaday while her body adjusts to the additions. Then we will visit and work with her at home, daily, until she is strong enough to make the trips here for therapy."
    Linda and Hugh looked at me with expressions that said, “That sounds terrible.”
    I mouthed, “I know, it's no fun.” 
    Edie Ann hadn't said anything for a while, so I pulled her aside in the adjoining waiting room. "Starting to get a little scared?" I asked. 
    "Yeah," she nodded. "But, I won't be alone, right?" 
    "Never," I told her. 

***

    “There are some significant differences between how your augmentations were installed and operate, and what we will use." Dr. Richards assured me. "Miss Edith Ann will have significant enhancements to the major muscle groups, improved organ functions, a biocatalytic fuel cell and access to additional sensors. Her physical capabilities, when fully developed, should rival your own. How her system will exceed yours, beyond the more comprehensive sensor package, faster processing and increased storage, is in how these are implemented and experienced," he told us. 
    Hugh and even Linda leaned forward at that. 
    Edie Ann's face was brimming with anticipation. "Tell them what I will be able to do," Edie Ann told the doctor. 
    "I'm getting there," he replied, "It will make more sense if I tell them why first."
    She scooted back from the edge of her seat, then motioned for the doctor to get on with it. 
    "Yes, well, as I was saying. Implementation. Instead of completely synthetic muscles, Miss Edith Ann will have synthetic muscle fibers woven into her existing muscles."
    "Won't that make moving with her Net off even more difficult?" I asked. 
    "It would, but her Net will always be on," he told us. 
    "What?! How is she supposed to sleep with her Net shining in her mind all the time? The glare would drive her insane!" I exclaimed. 
    "That is the beauty of the new design. When you boot your Net, it is like turning on a second monitor. You experience it as bright because the Net generates a steady image output while your brain's is variable. Edie Ann’s Net will be accessed through a window in her own mental workspace. No glare," he explained. 
    "You are leaving out the best part," Edie Ann said when he finished. "Tell them about the sensors."
    "Of course, because Edith Ann's Net works with her brain. She will experience the sensory input directly. This can lead to synesthesia. Commonly, recipients report hearing radio waves, smelling electromagnetic fields, and even feeling x-rays and other forms of radiation. The Net will automatically incorporate the additional sensory data to create three dimensional models of her surroundings. She will not rely solely on light to see," he told us. 
    "Isn't that the iciest thing ever?" Edie Ann asked excitedly. 
    "I don't know if I would go that far," Linda said.
    "It is a little icy," Hugh told Linda. I nodded.
    "Okay, a little," Linda agreed. Edie Ann's face beamed at that.
    Hugh saw and decided to tap the brakes. "Just how expensive is this ice?" he asked.
    "The cost will not be an issue," Dr. Richards said.
    "Oh, really?" Linda asked Edie Ann, "And how did you manage that?" 
    "Grandma Grace said she would let me use my inheritance as long as her doctors approve the design," she told us.
    We both looked at Hugh whose mouth was agape.  
    Linda said, "There's one silver lining, Edie Ann won't be able to afford her own ship as soon as she turns eighteen."
    Dr. Richards looked a bit sheepish for a moment before jumping in. "Edith Ann will have nothing but the best, I promise you. She could not be safer or receive better care anywhere in the galaxy." 
    "Edith Ann Sinclair, when did you talk Grandma Grace into this?" Hugh asked when he recovered from the shock. 
    "Papa, I had to talk to Grandma Grace first. Mom always says to get what you want, get it paid for first," she said apologetically. 
    Linda looked away at that. 
    "When?" he repeated an octave lower. 
    "Two or three decadays ago," she said meekly, "It took a while to get everything ready." 
    "A month. Mother has known about this for a month," Hugh said as his chest started puffing out.
    Edie Ann was trying to shrink herself down to fit into a thimble, her small voice said, "I'm sorry."
    "This conversation is not over, Edie Ann. This is not how we treat family," I told her. 
    She bowed her head and settled into her seat.
    Linda glared, but we were all out of things to say at the moment.
 	"Yes, well, on the plus side, we have had time to finish the design," the doctor said, flustered. With the touch of a button, the screen behind him revealed a rotating, gray silhouette of Edie Ann cloaked in gold and rubies. Then he handed Hugh a tablet saying, “Per Mrs. Sinclairs stipulations, here is the full report from the evaluators certifying their approval.”
I blinked to boot my Net then told him, “I would like to take a closer look.”
    He tapped on his tablet and sent me the files. 
    Hugh immediately started reading. Linda walked over to study the image up close. "That is beautiful," she said, and it was. Edie Ann would have rubies set in gold between her temples and eyes, gold scales that wrapped around from ribs to spine, and gold vertebrae with ruby accents. 
    While the others watched the screen, I closed my eyes and analyzed the design with my own software looking for flaws or common points of failure, but every time I thought I found one, I recognized the redundancies and subsystems they had designed to compensate. This was smart engineering.
    After Hugh finished reading, he joined Linda. “That report was not from one doctor,” he told her, “Mother had three independent teams sign off on this.” 
    When I heard that, I decided my cursory examination was good enough and reopened my eyes.
    "You used Sinclair colors," Hugh said to Dr. Richards as he studied the design.
    "Yes," the doctor confirmed. "I wanted to give her something befitting a member of the Families." 
    “This uses the food you eat for most of its power,” I told Edie Ann.
    "Then she would need a lot of calories," Hugh remarked.
    Edie Ann chimed in to say, "Good thing we have a Colors machine."
    "Egh," Linda said, "I don't know how you and your Dad stomach those tubes."
    Edie Ann just smiled.
    "How long would she be in physical therapy? Because I was there for five, pain-filled years." I asked Dr. Richards. 
    "Maybe half that time," he told us, "Unfortunately, one thing has not changed. Analgesics would inhibit the process. But, I am confident that as long as she rests plenty, the pain will stay manageable. In a couple years, she should be out of the woods."
    "Please, Mom,”
    "Edie Ann, there is still a lot about this that concerns me. I'm not comfortable saying yes to this," Linda told her.
    "You don't have to say yes, just don't say no," Edie Ann pleaded.
    When Linda didn’t respond, Edie Ann said, "Rest! The doctor said I'll need a lot of rest. For two whole years, I will work hard and rest plenty, just like a Rivera. I'll follow all the doctor's orders. We can play games in bed, read stories, anything you want."
    Linda looked skeptical. 
    "Mom, please," she begged. "Just don't say no. That's all. Just don't say no."
    "Two and half years," Linda said, "If at all."
    "Two and a half years," Edie Ann agreed. 

* * *

    "If anything goes wrong, I will never forgive myself. I let her isolate me and get what she wants when I just wanted to keep her safe," Linda said  as her pacing made the fronds of a fern swish back and forth in our private waiting room. 
    "I know how you feel," I told her. 
    "Oh, I will never forgive you either, either of you. Don't think there's not enough blame to go around. What did she say to you?" Linda asked me.
    "She asked me if it was worth it," I told her. 
    "And you said, yes," she replied with an edge in her voice that could cut. 
    "I wouldn't be here if it weren't. She wouldn't be here and we wouldn't be together if my Net weren't part of me. How could I say that wasn't worth the pain?" I told her. 
    "I know you made it through alright, but I grew up around the ones who didn't, Gramscians who were used as test subjects," Linda said. 
    "Linda, this is different," I told her.
    Her arm was clutched to her chest, hand gripping her shoulder. "But it's all I can think about," she said. 
    Linda turned to Hugh, "You aren't worried about what this operation will do to her?" she asked him. 
    "Worried? I'm worried every time she goes to the park with her friends instead of one of us. I'm not worried about this, I'm terrified," he told her. But he stopped fidgeting with his hair and stood to face her. Hugh put his arms on her shoulders and said, "I'm terrified, but I know that she is never going to stop doing things that terrify me." 
    Linda looked down, but her face was unwilling to yield yet. "With or without the implants, do you think Edie Ann will end up doing scientific field research in the jungle of some distant planet?" he asked. 
    "Probably, but she will be an adult then. That's different," she answered. 
    "Will you still be afraid for her when she is an adult?" he asked. 
    "Of course I will, that's not the point," she spat. 
    "No, it's not. This is: will she be safer on that planet with the implants or without them?" Hugh asked. 
    "But she was my perfect baby and they are going to change her," Linda sobbed. 
    "But they will also keep her safe," he said. 
    “Linda, she’s not going to stop being your baby. She’s just becoming more herself, the Edie Ann she wants to be,” I told her. Then we all held each other and shared the first of many tears this process would cost. 

* * *

    "She's awake. Everything went fine," Dr. Richards told us when he walked in. "She has a vocalizer to help her speak, because she doesn't have much strength right now. That's normal. She just needs time to adjust."
    The jewels on Edie Ann’s face made her look like a storybook princess asleep under a spell. 
    "How do you feel?" Linda asked as she approached the bed. 
    Edie Ann’s eyes opened slowly. "I can't see. I can't see," Edie Ann said through the vocalizer. "Why can't I see?" the strange voice asked. 
    Linda spun around, eyes like flamethrowers to scorch the doctor. He raced to Edie Ann and shone a light in her eyes. Then he put two fingers up and asked her, "How many fingers am I holding up?" 
    "Two, but why can't I see more? Everything feels dark," she told him through the speaker. 
    "Your other sensors aren't on right now, so you can rest," he told her. "If you want, I can turn them on for a bit so you can feel what it is like." 
    "Yes, on," the box said. 
    The doctor stepped back to reach his tablet, then pressed a few buttons. "I am going to turn them on one at a time, okay? Close your eyes, it will be easier if you focus just on the new input," he told her. 
    She closed her eyes and tensed her muscles, holding her breath each time a new one came online until the last, when her whole body visibly relaxed. "How do you feel now?" Linda asked. 
    "Whole," she said in a breathy whisper. Then, after a moment, the vocalizer said, "Mom, I'm hungry. Can I have the peanut butter and jelly in your purse?" 
    "It is fine," the doctor said. "She swallowed her juice well. She can have a few bites. That will be good for her." 
    Linda took one triangle of PB&J and put it to her lips. Edie Ann opened her mouth and managed to take a bite and mash it around in her mouth a bit before swallowing. 
    "That was excellent," the doctor said, "See if you can take three more bites like that." 
    "Okay," the vocalizer said while her mouth was full. 
    "How did you know Mom had a PB&J?" Hugh asked. 
    "I could see it. It was right in front of me," she told him from the artificial voice as she ate.
     It was right in front of her, but it was also inside a lunch bag that was inside a purse. I would have had to boot my Net and query the contents of Linda’s purse to see it. Even then it would have been difficult to build the image from that distance. I could, just slower. Maybe I need an upgrade.
    By the end of her meal, she was looking very tired. "I am going to turn the sensors back off now so you can get some rest," the doctor told her. 
    "No!" came the sharp response from the vocalizer, "Those are my eyes and I will close them myself." 
    "Doctor?" I asked. 
    "They are all shutting down. Everything appears normal," he told us. "For now, we should just let her rest." 
    Linda crawled into bed with Edie Ann while I stretched out in a chair, and Hugh quietly paced just like the first time Edie Ann was born.
